# mint

> Simple ecosystem for creating and compiling Visual Studio C# projects as Nintendo Switch homebrew, via Bridge.NET and QuickJS

**IMPORTANT!** This project is a work-in-progress, so it isn't completely ready to be used by anyone yet.

## Parts

### mintc

`mintc` is the base command-line tool for this project. It has two main functions:

- **Creating new mint Visual Studio projects/solutions** (`mintc create`)

- **Assembling a certain project (^) into an executable homebrew NRO** (`mintc assemble`)

### libmint

Standard libraries, for the internal JavaScript core, plus its C# bindings via Bridge.NET.

Example: `console.isInitialized()` function is exported to JS via native code, and it's defined as `Switch.Console.IsInitialized()` in C#, wrapping the JS function.

### quickjs++

[QuickJS](https://bellard.org/quickjs/) C JavaScript engine plus some nice C++ wrappers using template and macro magic. THis libraries can easily be used on other projects, and are used for the internal JS core.

### target

The base project NRO, which executes the JS "layout" in it's RomFs. Assembling a project consists on modifying this NRO's icon, NACP and RomFs.

## Procedure

`mintc`'s create verb creates a Visual Studio solution, which consists on a manually modified version of the propject which would be generated by using `bridge new`.

## Requisites

- devkitPro (`switch-dev` package on dkp-pacman)

- [Bridge utility](https://bridge.net/download/)

- Any C# IDE which supports C# *.sln solutions and *.csproj project files (Visual Studio Community is highly recommended)

## Credits

- Fabrice Bellard for [QuickJS](https://bellard.org/quickjs/) amazing engine

- [Bridge.NET](https://bridge.net) developers